.
- A group of us
were driving home.
We saw you
by the side of the road.
- And there was the girl.
- What girl?
- Ella Jones, she's an artist.
- Wherever Ella is,
she's connected to that place.
- Go back to the beginning,
Gavin, November 16, 1988.
- Aldridge!
- Did you see what hurt Eddie?
- It was an old man.
He had something on his back,
a handprint.
- You're the Sky People.
- What?
- My grandfather told me
about you.
- Stop! Let them go, Silas.
- I still don't know your name.
- Para.
- Veronica!
- We're in the Ice Age,
and with that came
violent winter storms.
- Okay.
- Great,
mushrooms are drenched.
- There goes breakfast.
- Oh, damn it.
- Hey.
- Good morning.
- Brought you this.
I--I just wanted to say
thank you again
for having my back yesterday.
It really meant a lot.
- Of course.
- I like what you've done
with the place.
- Yeah, doesn't look like
we're getting out of here
anytime soon,
need some place to call home.
- You know, you don't
have to stay here.
There's plenty of room
on the bus.
- I think it's best
if I stay here.
- Okay.
- Hey.
I'm really glad you're here.
- Me too.
- I'm trying to wrap my head
around what the hell
you're doing,
but I've got no idea.
- Well, we're lucky that storm
wasn't worse.
And every time we need food
we can't keep risking
our lives
going into the woods, right?
So drumroll, please,
we're building a greenhouse.
- With windshields.
- Yeah.
I saw it on YouTube once.
Who know
hit would come in handy?
NO, no, no, no, no, no!
- Damn. I'm sorry, man.
- If we don't figure out
how to live off the land,
we're never going
to survive out here.
- We're so screwed.
- Help.
- Damn it.
- Ty! Ty! Help, please!
Help!
Ty!
- Down this way.
- Please, come back.
- Lilly, what's wrong?
Where's Ty?
- We heard someone in the
woods; he went after them.
- What if it's Veronica?
What if she hurts him again?
- We are not going
to let that happen.
- Come on, let's fan out.
Stay in pairs;
nobody goes out there alone.
- Come with me. Come on.
- Ty!
- Ty.
[footsteps thumping]
- Did you hear that?
Hey!
Stop!
[tense music]
♪
- Ahh!
[gasping]
- Whoa, hey.
- [grunts]
- What's he doing out here?
♪
[dramatic music]
All right, pal.
Looks like you'll survive.
- See, told you
it wouldn't hurt.
- What brought you down here?
- Hey, you're not in trouble.
- Riley, his wound is cleaned;
why don't you dress it outside?
- Sure.
Come on.
- Hey, I'm Lilly.
It's nice to meet you.
- So how long do you think
he's been spying on us?
- Spying? He's a child.
- I know the kid
helped us once,
but his grandfather
did try to kill us.
- Yeah, because we broke
into their home.
- Exactly. So he probably
sees us a threat,
and they sent the kid
to gather intel.
- Come on,
you can't be serious.
- Insurgents use kids to gather
intel; it's not so far-fetched.
- From my experience with Para,
I'd say her people
are more afraid of us
than we are of them.
- Uh, dude, they tied us up,
put is in a room with a person
who'd been electrocuted.
Just like that guy, Eddie.
- I know that woman
took care of you,
but we can't forget
what happened to him.
- No, we can't.
But Para was convinced
the kid's grandfather
had nothing to do with it.
You know, Lilly saw him
after Eddie was killed.
Someone else
could have done it.
- Regardless, it's a problem
the kid got so close
to the clearing
without us knowing.
- Maybe it's not a problem.
Maybe it's a solution.
- What does that mean?
- All of our resources
were wiped out by the storm.
The kid is hurt.
It's dangerous in the woods.
And he needs help
getting back to his home.
We need help trying
to figure out how to survive.
Clearly his people know
how to do that.
- Right, a diplomatic mission.
- I don't think
that's a good idea.
- I do. We need to make peace
with Para's village.
This could be a first step.
- Yeah, and if they don't
see it that way?
- We'll have to make sure
they do.
We can head there now.
Ty? Levi?
- All right. We'll stay here
and set up a patrol.
- Good luck, team.
- Thanks.
- Is this your first time
in a car?
What do you think?
- It's fun.
- [laughs]
- What's your name?
Okay, I'll go first. I'm Eve.
- Isaiah.
- This is my friend, Ty.
This is Levi.
- I'm impressed.
Made it all the way
from your village to our camp.
That's quite a hike.
But I'm guessing
you've done it before.
- A bunch of times.
I saw you
when you first got here,
then when you found your son.
I didn't mean to spy,
I just wanted to make sure
you weren't hurt.
- That's really lovely;
thank you.
So when you saw us
at the fork--
- I knew you weren't dangerous.
You weren't anything like
what my grandfather says
about the Sky People.
- What does your grandfather
say about the Sky People?
- That you're our enemy.
- Levi, we have to keep going.
I told you this was a bad idea.
I'm turning around.
- Levi. Levi, stop!
[tense music]
♪
.
[tense music]
♪
- Where are you taking us?
- What's going on here?
- Found them in the woods.
What should we do with them?
- Para, you're their leader?
Please, tell them
we mean no harm.
- You know him?
- I helped Ty during the storm.
- This is Eve and Levi,
my friends.
- Isaiah!
What's all this about?
- I fell.
- We found him
outside our clearing.
He hurt his wrist, and we just
wanted to get him home safely.
- I told you to stop
going back to that place.
- I know.
I'm sorry, Grandpa.
- You can let them go.
We appreciate you bringing
Isaiah back to us.
But it would be best
if you leave.
- Para, please.
We don't know how
to work the land,
how to build shelter,
how to protect ourselves.
We barely made it
through the storm.
Next time it could be worse.
We were just hoping that--
that you might be willing
to teach us.
- They trespass in my village.
We can't trust them.
- If you don't help us,
we won't make it.
We're just trying to keep
our people alive.
- Maybe there's
something we can do.
- Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey.
- I hear your dad
is pairing people up,
have them go on patrol.
- Yeah, that's the word.
- Scott and Lucas paired up.
What do you say
we do the same?
- Yeah, I wouldn't mind that.
- Riley, can I talk to you?
- Uh, sure.
- Give us a minute, Josh?
- I don't want you
partnering with him.
- Why not?
- I see the way you two
look at each other.
You'll get distracted.
- No, we won't.
- Could you just do
what I say, please?
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Eddie was murdered out there
a few days ago.
I'm just trying
to keep you safe.
- Well, it wasn't
a problem yesterday
when I drove into a storm
and you didn't say a word.
- This is different.
- No, it's not.
You act like you care
about me one minute,
and the next minute
you couldn't care less.
Honestly, I'm tired of it.
- Come on, Josh.
- It's been a week
since the massive sinkhole
opened
in the middle of Los Angeles.
- You've reached
Dr. Sophia Nathan.
Please leave a message.
- Hey, Sophia, it's Gavin.
Just call me when you can.
- I'm really glad you're here.
- Me too.
- [exhales]
[sighs]
[door shuts]
- Going to school.
- Wait. I'll--I'll drive you.
- No, thanks.
- Iz, hold up.
- You wanted us to go back
to normal and move on, right?
Normally I get to school
on time, so I got to go.
- Look, hey, hey.
I know you think I'm giving up.
But it's for the best.
[phone buzzing]
- Who's that?
- Just a construction job
I applied for.
- Uh-huh, you better
take it, then.
- [sighs]
Sophia?
- I couldn't track down Ella,
but I did speak
to her assistant.
She'll be at the art gallery
at 9:00.
She agreed to meet us.
- Great. I'll meet you there.
- So this sculpture,
Ella made it?
- Yeah, it's a new piece.
She only started it
six days ago.
She's been obsessing over it.
It's pretty incredible.
- Can I give you my card?
We'd love to talk to Ella
about the piece.
- I'm not sure that
will be possible.
- What do you mean?
- Ella's been keeping
a low profile recently.
She's not been herself.
Honestly, she hasn't wanted
to talk to anyone.
- We'd really appreciate
if you could try.
- Hey, are you doing all right?
- To be honest, not great.
But I know Diana
would have wanted me to help.
- If it gets too hard,
you just say the word.
- Wait, whoa, wait.
I think that's Ella.
Ella.
Hey, wait. Hey, wait!
[tense music]
♪
.
- Thank you for agreeing
to help us, Para.
- I appreciate you bringing
Isaiah home safely.
- Where are you taking us?
- You'll see.
It's just up ahead.
- Look, I know
what you're thinking.
But we came here
for their help.
We need to leave this alone.
- I thought Eddie
was your friend.
The dead man we found here
had the same markings,
and I was sent
to bring him home.
I can't let that go,
how can you?
- I'm not. But the burden
of proof is on us.
Without it, we stay the course.
- These people could be
sheltering a killer.
And if they are,
I don't know how we trust
anything from them.
- Here we are.
This garden will help feed us
for an entire year.
- This is amazing.
- We can help you plant
your own garden.
We can also show you how to
build a Kiki, our structures,
and how to trade
with nearby villages.
- Wait, there's other villages
down here?
- Yes, many.
We're happy
to make introductions
when the time is right.
- You're going above
and beyond,
and we're grateful,
but why help us?
- We weren't always
a peaceful village.
I'd prefer to have you
as friends rather than enemies.
- So would we.
- Of course.
But Isaiah said Sky People
were your enemy.
- They were.
For generations we were
the only ones living here.
And then 60 years ago
everything changed.
- What happened?
- A sinkhole opened
in the ocean.
A passenger ship fell through.
And the survivors came ashore.
We tried to make peace
with them,
but they didn't want that.
After years of war those who
survived found common ground.
Since then we've all lived
together, shared our cultures,
our languages, our traditions.
- It's incredible.
- Eve,
we're going to have lunch.
Can they stay, Para?
- If they'd like.
- We'd love to.
- Come on, Levi.
[bell rings]
- Thanks.
- Hey, Izzy.
We have English together.
- Ah, yeah, of course, my bad.
- No worries. I'm Andrew Veles.
My sister, Riley, and my dad,
I lost them in the sinkhole.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
I heard about
what happened to your family.
Hard being here, isn't it?
- Yeah. My dad says it'll
help me, but I don't see how.
- My mom said the same thing.
I know she means well,
but it's like she doesn't know
how to be honest
with me anymore.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah, I do.
- Anyway, one thing that's been
really good for me
is talking to there
people going through it.
There's a vigil later today;
you should come.
- Thanks, but it's not for me.
- Think about it.
[bell rings]
- Got to get to class.
- Take care, Izzy.
- [sighs]
- Want to talk about it?
- Not really.
- Good. I hate when we talk
about our parents anyway,
always ruins the mood.
- We're out here trying to
make sure no one murders us.
What kind of mood
are you going for?
- The one that makes you smile.
- It's a great smile.
- You really are
such a dork sometimes.
- Whatever.
You love the compliments.
- I'm not against them
in theory,
but we're supposed
to be patrolling.
- Right.
- So we should stay focused.
- Yeah.
- Well, I don't see anyone
out here,
so I think we're safe.
- Are you really going
to kiss me right now?
- Is that okay?
- Yeah.
[gentle piano music]
♪
- What are you doing out here,
sweetie?
- Just passing out water.
I wanted to help.
- Well, thank you.
But you should get back
to the clearing.
It's not safe for you out here.
[ominous music]
♪
[branch cracks]
- Hi, Lilly.
.
- Aren't you glad to see me?
- Of course I am.
- Doesn't look that way.
- Where have you been?
- Looking for a place
we can stay.
- I found a cave nearby;
it's safe.
No one will find us.
- Veronica,
I can't go with you.
- Why not?
- You hurt Ty.
- Yeah, well, he wanted
to keep us apart.
I wasn't going
to let that happen.
- [indistinct].
- Lilly, we don't have time;
we have to go.
- No.
- Lilly, now.
- Hey! Wait.
What the hell?
- Hey, let go of me.
- That is not happening.
- What's going on here?
- Just found this one trying
to sneak back in.
- Let me go.
- So you can come back
and try to take her again?
- I would never hurt her.
You have to believe me.
Lilly, tell them.
[tense music]
- Give me your cuffs.
- Why?
- So I can lock her up.
- You see a jail cell
around here?
♪
- We put her in that car
until we figure out
what to do with her.
- Sure about this, Sam?
- Yeah, I am.
She attacked Ty.
She's a threat
to everyone here,
especially Lilly.
Come on.
- No, no, no, no, please.
Please don't do this.
No, no, please. Please.
- Listen, Marybeth.
We have to do this.
- Hey, let's go for a walk.
- [sobbing]
[indistinct chatter]
- Food has never
looked so good.
- And we have plenty
we can send back with you.
You're healing well.
- Thanks to you.
- We appreciate you taking
such good care of him.
- It was my pleasure.
- Finish up, Isaiah.
You've got chores to do.
- Can I show Eve the lake
before my chores? Please?
- Fine.
- You know, I would love to,
but the people in my clearing
are really hungry,
and I need to get back to them.
- It's going to take us
a few minutes
to gather your supplies,
so you have a little time.
Ty, would you like to join me?
- Happy to.
- Please, Eve?
- Okay, I'll be right there.
Give me a second.
What's going on?
- I just can't ignore this,
Eve.
I need to know if Silas
killed those people.
- Levi.
- Hey, we might leave here
with food today,
but we'll still be
in danger tomorrow.
- We just convinced Para
to help us.
We go accusing Silas of murder
we're going to leave here
with nothing.
- I promise I won't say
anything unless I have proof.
- And how are you
going to do that?
- Take a look around
while you're with the kid.
I don't find anything,
I drop it.
Hey, I need you to trust me.
- Be careful.
- Thank you so much.
Okay.
[tense music]
♪
- [exhales]
- My friend at DHS
is running the car's plates.
We should have an address soon.
You okay?
- Another vision.
But it's different, clearer.
- What did you see?
- Eve and Levi
eating together at a table.
- Well,
that's--that's good, right?
It means they're safe.
- It's complicated.
Levi told me
that he had an affair with Eve.
- Uh, I'm sorry, Gavin.
- Nah, look,
if I'm being honest,
you know,
it was my fault.
I was in a bad place.
I--I pushed her away.
- Maybe now you'll find a way
to make things right.
[phone buzzes]
- Yes.
This is Gavin Harris.
She what?
I think I might know
where she is.
That was Izzy's principal.
Izzy cut school.
I got to go find her.
Call me when you get
Ella's address.
[birds squawking]
- I can see why you
like this place.
- It's where my grandfather
taught me to fish.
- Is it just you
and your grandfather?
- My parents died
when I was young.
- I'm so sorry.
You know, I lost my father
a few years ago.
- Do you miss him?
- Every day.
Grew up together on a farm.
He loved the outdoors.
He loved fishing too.
- I wish I could
remember my parents.
My grandfather doesn't like
to talk about them.
- Sometimes it can be hard
to talk about people we lost.
Do your parents have
any friends here,
people who can share stories
about them?
- No, no one knew them.
- They didn't live here?
- No. Me and my grandfather
came here a few years ago.
- Your grandfather's not
from the ship?
Where's he from?
- I'm not allowed
to talk about that.
- Eve.
- Did you find anything?
- I followed Silas.
When he left his hut,
I went in and looked around
and found this.
- Oh, my God. It's Eddie's.
- If he didn't do it,
then why the hell
does he have his wallet?
- Is everything okay, Eve?
- Do me a favor
and stay here, okay?
[tense music]
♪
- Para, we need to talk.
- Found this in Silas' hut.
- It's Eddie's,
our friend who died.
♪
- You don't understand.
- Para, everything all right?
- No, it isn't.
This wallet belonged
to a person
in our clearing who died.
Why did you have it?
- We have a witness
who saw you, can't deny it.
- I don't. I was there.
The man was dead
when I found him.
We've been trying to figure out
where you're all from.
So I searched the body
and found that.
- You expect us to believe you?
- I believe him.
Someone's out there killing
people, but it's not Silas.
- How do you know that?
- Because I found another body
in the woods with burn marks
just like your friend.
Silas and I carried him
back here for a proper burial.
- Is that what
the handprint was for?
- Yes.
It's a symbol of protection,
same as the one Silas
wears on his back.
We opened our home to you,
offered you help,
and you betrayed that trust.
It's time for you to leave.
- Para, please.
- You need to go.
[horn blows]
- What is that?
- That horn only sounds
in emergencies.
- Para! Para!
- What's happened?
- It's Isaiah; he was taken.
- Did you have something
to do with this?
- No. God, no.
- It was a woman.
She came out of the woods.
We tried to stop her.
They were headed
towards the hills.
- We need to send out
a search party right away.
You head north.
I'll take the east.
- Para, we'll help
you look for him.
- Absolutely not.
- The more eyes
out there the better.
- It would be foolish not
to take our help.
- They're right. Let's go.
.
[seagulls squawking]
- Iz.
- What are you doing here?
- School called,
said you cut class.
When we used to visit
your Aunt Jessica,
your mom used to want
to come straight to the water.
This was her favorite spot.
I don't know how many days
we spent sitting here together.
- This morning,
who was that call from?
- I told you; it was for a job.
- Dad, please stop lying.
I need you
to tell me the truth.
Did you really give up
on Mom and Josh?
- Iz, there's nothing else
we can do.
- I don't believe you.
You never give up.
That's what I've always
admired about you.
After the accident,
when I was ready to quit,
I thought about you and what
you were going through,
that you were were fighting
through it every day.
- Iz.
- I know you think this
is what's best for me,
but you're wrong.
- Hey, I wish I could tell you
I could bring them back,
but I can't.
At least not yet.
- What do you mean, not yet?
- The truth is,
it was Dr. Nathan
who called this morning.
We're not giving up.
I didn't want to tell you,
because I don't know
where it could lead
and I didn't want
to get your hopes up and--
and not come through for you.
- Dad.
- No, I saw what it did to you
last time.
I don't want you to get hurt.
- The only way we're going
to get through this
is if we do it together.
- Okay.
Starting now,
that's what we do.
- Good. So what's the plan?
- Right now I'm waiting on
a call from Dr. Nathan.
And I'll tell you everything
else on the way home.
- Can we make a stop?
This kid at school, Andrew, he
told me there's a vigil today.
- Of course.
Come on.
- Ahh! Ahh!
Let me out of here!
Help!
- Jesus.
- Open the door.
- Please, just get me out.
- What the hell is going on?
- Riley, please help me.
Your dad locked me up in here.
- Okay, hang on.
I'll go talk to him.
- You sure you want
to let her out?
- What you'd rather leave her
chained to a steering wheel?
- We start locking each other
in cars,
things going to get
real bad around here.
- I'll go find my dad.
- You should understand.
All right?
We had to secure the threat,
I secured the threat.
- This isn't like you, Sam.
- Marybeth,
I know what I'm doing.
- Lilly, have you seen my dad?
- He's in there.
- Look, I know she's done
some bad things.
But we've got to have a plan.
- I'm working on it.
- How about we let her go?
That sound like a plan?
- Riley, I'll handle this.
- Dad, she's freaking out.
You can't keep her locked up;
it's not right.
- I got to side
with your kid here, Sam.
- Thank you.
- Look, I'm all
for law enforcement,
but there's this thing about
cruel and unusual punishment.
- I'm trying to keep us safe.
- Hey! Hey!
Something's wrong
with Veronica.
- [gasping]
- It's okay; we're going
to get you out of here.
- What happened?
- She started hyperventilating.
I think she's having
trouble breathing.
- We need to get her
out of there.
- Please, help her.
- Veronica, hold on. Hold on.
Lucas, give me a hand.
- [gasping]
- What do we do?
- Dad.
- Sam.
- Veronica, can you hear me?
Does she have
any medical conditions?
- No, I don't think so.
- Rapid pulse, shallow
breathing, dilated pupils.
I think she's having
anxiety-induced anaphylaxis.
Veronica,
we need to get control
of your breathing, okay?
Veronica, can you hear me?
- Veronica!
- She's not breathing.
Come on, breathe, Veronica.
Come on.
Breathe Veronica, breathe!
- [gasps]
- That's it. That's it.
That's it. That's it.
Just breathe.
- [sobbing]
- Excuse me.
Hey.
- Izzy, I'm glad you came.
- Thanks again for inviting me.
This is my dad.
- Hey.
- This your family?
- That's my father
and my sister.
- They could argue like crazy,
but it's only because
they're so much alike.
- I know this is going
to sound weird, but--
but part of me
still thinks they're alive.
I just can't let it go.
- Andrew.
- My mom just got here.
I'll catch up
with you guys later.
- What you said,
I don't think
it's weird at all.
If I were you,
I wouldn't give up hope, okay?
- Thanks.
- These are the people
we have to save, Dad.
[phone buzzes]
- Sophia.
You're kidding.
No, no, I can leave right now.
I'll meet you there.
- What did she say?
- Ella, the artist
I was telling you about,
she has a house
in Topanga Canyon.
It's right near where
we were both found as kids.
- You really think
she's the key
to bringing Mom and Josh home?
- There's only one way
to find out.
Let's go.
- Isaiah! Isaiah!
Isaiah!
- Isaiah!
- Let's split up,
search the area.
- Yeah, I'll come with you.
- Isaiah!
- Hey, look at this.
- Isaiah's friends were playing
with this earlier.
- There's another one.
- He's leaving us a trail.
- It's this way.
- Come on.
[tense music]
- Please, stop. Let me go.
[grunting]
Please, I want to go home.
Let me go.
- Isaiah! Isaiah! Stop!
♪
- [grunting]
Hello, Rebecca.
♪
.
[tense music]
Let him go now.
- I can't do that.
- He belongs here with me.
- You love him. I understand.
But this isn't about
what you want.
You know how important he is.
- Grandpa,
what's she talking about?
- It's okay, Isaiah.
I won't let you
take him from me.
It's your last warning,
Rebecca.
Let him go.
- Isaiah!
- Ahh!
[tense music]
♪
- Oh, my God.
- We need to stop the bleeding.
- The boy,
you need to find him.
- Eve, what happened?
- I don't know.
- Silas took him.
He's not who you think he is.
- Who are you?
- You're Rebecca Aldridge,
aren't you?
- We need to get her back
to the village now.
- Wait. Please.
Silas, you have to stop him.
- I'll go after them.
Wait.
Wait, wait. How do you know
who she is?
- I'll explain
everything later.
Help them get her back
to the village.
♪
- How's Veronica?
- She's resting, doing better.
- Good.
Dad...
what happened today?
- I'm not proud of what I did.
Let's just leave it at that,
okay?
- No, I'm sorry.
But that's not good enough.
I've never seen you
act like that.
Something's going on.
- No, there isn't.
- Fine. Lie to me.
Why should 10,000 B.C.
change anything, right?
- What's that supposed to mean?
- [sighs]
Dad,
back home you never
talked to me about anything.
You always keep this wall
up like you're super human,
like nothing ever bothers you.
Well, news flash, you're not
fooling anyone, okay?
Please, just tell me
what's going on.
- When I was in Afghanistan,
things happened
that just stay with you.
I came home.
I tried to ignore it,
push through.
But I couldn't.
Sometimes I thought
I was still there.
- You had PTSD.
- Yeah.
So I started
taking something for it.
I've been on them for years.
This morning
I lost my last pill.
- Does Mom know?
- She's the only one.
- How come you never told us?
- I guess...
I wanted you and Andrew
to keep thinking
I was that superhero.
I didn't want you knowing
something was wrong with me.
- Dad, there is nothing wrong
with you.
And hiding things
is not how you handle this.
- I'm starting to realize that.
- You can always
tell me the truth.
- I'm scared, Riley.
- We're going to figure
this out.
- Okay.
- Hey, anything?
- No, no sign of him.
- Levi, how do you know her?
- I don't.
Look who's there.
Rebecca Aldridge
designed the plane
the Mojave Crew flew down in,
but she wasn't part
of the exploratory team.
- What's she doing down here?
- I have no idea.
- Eve, Levi.
- I was able to stop
the bleeding,
but she's still very weak.
I'm not sure if she'll make it.
- Did she say anything?
- Only that she wants
to talk to you.
- Ella! Hello?
- She's not here.
- Well, we came this far;
let's look around.
- Yeah.
- What is it?
- Something about this place
feels familiar,
like I've been here before.
- Gavin.
What are you looking for?
- I don't know yet.
- You wanted to see me.
- The boy is special.
There's something he has to do.
But Silas is trying to stop it.
- What are you talking about?
- Eve, you need to trust me.
- How do you know who I am?
- It doesn't matter.
- What's important
is that you find Isaiah.
- Why? Why me?
- You have no idea
who he is, do you?
- Grandpa, why can't we
go back to the village?
Why did you hurt that woman?
- You have to trust me,
Isaiah.
I'm doing this
because I love you.
- She said something
strange, Grandpa.
- That woman is full of lies.
You can't believe
a thing she says.
We need to clean your wound.
- Look.
- What is that?
- It looks like a sinkhole,
or it used to be one.
- [gasping]
- Grandpa...
she said my name
wasn't Isaiah.
Oh, my God.
She said
my real name was Gavin.
- I've had this scar
since I was little.
I never knew
where it came from.
- Dad, what are
you talking about?
- I can't explain it,
but it's me
when I was a kid.
I'm in that place.
- How is that possible?
- I'm not sure.
But I don't think the things
I've been seeing are visions.
They're memories.
I think I'm from that world.
- Isaiah is Gavin?
- He is,
and he needs your help.
[dramatic music]